Once data from the sensors has been processed by
the perception subsystem the vehicle can use that information to plan its path.
There are several components of the planning system which you might
remember from the path planning module: route planning,
which is the high level path of the vehicle between two points on a map;
prediction, which is what identifies which maneuver
other objects on the road might take; behavior planning,
which decides what maneuver our vehicle should take;
and trajectory generation, which plots the precise path we'd like our vehicle to follow.
Let's have a closer look at these components.